README.md, before:

This is a fluent wrapper around WatiN for web interface tests.

## Examples

	[Test]
	public void Should_display_the_date_the_installation_expires()
	{
		var steps = UITestRunner.InitializeWorkFlowContainer(
			b => b.LabelWithId("lblAccuMail").Verify(
					x => x.Exists().ShouldBeTrue(),
					x => x.Text().StartsWith("Expires on").ShouldBeTrue()
					)
			);
		RunTest("Public/Environment.aspx", "Environment", steps);
	}

	[Test]
	public void Should_navigate_to_the_Edit_page_if_Add_New_is_clicked()
	{
		var steps = UITestRunner.InitializeWorkFlowContainer(
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Add New").Click(),
			b => b.Title.ShouldBeEqualTo(EditTitle, "clicking Add New should put the user on the edit page"),
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Save").Exists().ShouldBeTrue(),
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Delete").Exists().ShouldBeFalse(),
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Download").Exists().ShouldBeFalse()
			);
		RunTest(PartialUrl, ListTitle, steps);
	}

	
## License		

[MIT License][mitlicense]

This project is part of [MVBA Law Commons][mvbalawcommons].

[mvbalawcommons]: http://code.google.com/p/mvbalaw-commons/
[mitlicense]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

Commit message:

Standardized buld and updated README.md
Updated the build process to match Mvba standards. Added the necessary
supporting files (i.e. InstallGems.bat, Build.bat, etc.). It will use the
settings folder to override defaults (e.g. for CI builds)

Cleaned up the README.md file and added section on how to build the
project. Updated links in the license section to refer to GitHub isntead
of Google Code.

Added CommonAssemblyInfo.cs to the project for standard versioning.

Updated the following dlls:

Updated FluentAssert to 1.0.0.3
Updated JetBrains.Annotations to 8.0.4.1195
Removed NUnit (not being used)

README.md, after:

FluentWebUITesting ReadMe
===
### Description

FluentWebUITesting is a fluent wrapper around WebDriver for web interface tests.

### Examples

	[Test]
	public void Should_display_the_date_the_installation_expires()
	{
		var steps = UITestRunner.InitializeWorkFlowContainer(
			b => b.LabelWithId("lblAccuMail").Verify(
					x => x.Exists().ShouldBeTrue(),
					x => x.Text().StartsWith("Expires on").ShouldBeTrue()
					)
			);
		RunTest("Public/Environment.aspx", "Environment", steps);
	}

	[Test]
	public void Should_navigate_to_the_Edit_page_if_Add_New_is_clicked()
	{
		var steps = UITestRunner.InitializeWorkFlowContainer(
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Add New").Click(),
			b => b.Title.ShouldBeEqualTo(EditTitle, "clicking Add New should put the user on the edit page"),
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Save").Exists().ShouldBeTrue(),
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Delete").Exists().ShouldBeFalse(),
			b => b.ButtonWithVisibleText("Download").Exists().ShouldBeFalse()
			);
		RunTest(PartialUrl, ListTitle, steps);
	}

### How To Build:

The build script requires Ruby with rake installed.

1. Run `InstallGems.bat` to get the ruby dependencies (only needs to be run once per computer)
1. open a command prompt to the root folder and type `rake` to execute rakefile.rb

If you do not have ruby:

1. You need to create a src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs file. Go.bat will copy src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs.default to src\CommonAssemblyInfo.cs
1. open src\FluentWebUITesting.sln with Visual Studio and build the solution
	
### License		

[MIT License][mitlicense]

This project is part of [MVBA's Open Source Projects][MvbaLawGithub].

[MvbaLawGithub]: http://mvbalaw.github.io/
[mitlicense]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
